okay thanks for joining me for another
green guitar school use guitars video
demo review Jack Black here live yeah
anyway I got a 1965 Melody Maker
it's a incredible condition all original
shy of half of the machine heads and
I've lost my son it's getting cloudy out
there darn anyway okay
had one of these things fall apart on
him so he bought a set and it was only
one so he left them on for some reason
the exact same fit same screw placement
so no modifications whatsoever you could
have a matching set by adding that
they'll be in the case the non original
hardshell case no breaks no cracks and
gorgeous finish checking you can see
there and the reflections the neck is
nice and clean unlike my own version
sitting in the stand over there I think
I hinted that I was getting that back
and yeah I misplace my strap as well so
got a nice off Franklin plane be
comfortable strap locks are a good thing
but these are the original strap buttons
incredible condition like I said I mean
it got played but you don't see too many
this clean missing screw there I guess
this guy had this thing in the case the
tremolo unit I mean look how shiny this
thing is so I guess he lost a screw I'm
not gonna change what he's got here I
want to ruin that vintage vibe
I think they sound best and I actually
had the trim with mine when I got it and
sold off the trim because they're
valuable
I think they sound best wraparound style
if you feed the strings and backwards
and you get a little more sustain no
tuning issues that way or less tuning
issues that way I should say
yeah any of these Melody Makers with the
trim or you see lesson with the trim
half of them didn't have it and the ones
that do have it usually the trams gun
just see the three holes
incredible conditions Simona by the way
as the Epiphone I think I just posted
the video for everything works perfectly
I set the well string height really and
put a little relief in the neck the guy
ran his next lat like I have really
I'm on mcclain channel vibra luck
setting about two and a half on the
volume five and five on the bass and
treble trick myself on my distortion
channel the fern channel about two and
three quarters on the volume everything
is on five basement treble gain one game
two
and it's probably four on the volume all
the way up among the Maya
for on the child
you
on everything dirty channel the burn
channel except for the volume back to
the claim
yeah
let's bite your head off Travel it is a
single-coil
gonna be going up on eBay I think it's
gonna start like $8.99 with shipping for
the United States no reserve I never do
any hidden reserve always see a Buy It
Now price in there that's only good
until someone places a bid as selling
places a bid that buy it now goes away
because it isn't a reserve option so
I'll probably insert one of them
probably like 1200 baht which is a great
deal on it's a non original hard
showcase the Turner's will be in there
thanks for joining me and watching and
see you next time god bless